(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
Lion Guard!
Let's go!
(STRAINING)
(GRUNTS)
Thanks, Lion Guard.
Everyone!
Ma Tembo and
the elephants.
They're under attack!
Another emergency?
Un-Bunga-lievable!
That's the fifth one today.
And it's still morning!
And this is just
the start of the dry season!
Huh, guess it's gonna be
one of those days.
Yeah, I guess so.
C'mon everybody,
let's go!
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
You sure about this, Janja?
Sure I'm sure.
Elephants are delicious
this time a year!
(BABY ELEPHANT SCREAMING)
'Specially the little ones!
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
CHEEZI: C'mere elephant!
Yeah!
We just wanna eat ya!
Agh! Get away!
(ELEPHANT TRUMPETS)
Don't let them
frighten you!
Keep the young ones
in the center of the herd!
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
Oh, what are the hyenas
even thinking
taking on elephants?
Like my dad always says.
"Live long enough,
and you'll see everything!"
Well, I've seen enough!
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Yeah! Give'em
the Roar, Kion!
Send those hyenas flyin'!
No.
It's way too crazy
down there.
If I use the Roar,
I might hurt
the elephants too.
Bunga. You, me, and Ono
will chase the hyenas
out of the herd.
Fuli, you round'em up.
Beshte?
You send'em flying.
You got it, Kion!
BUNGA: Yaaaahhhh!
Ahhh!
(WHIMPERING)
Get! Away!
From the elephants!
(ONO SHOUTING)
Hey!
Watch where
you're pointin' that beak!
(GRUNTING)
(PANTING)
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
Now we got ya!
Yeah!
Ahhh!
(ROARS)
Janja!
(BOTH GASP)
Kion!
Uh, have ya met Nne?
Nne? Kion.
Talk amongst yerselves!
(GROWLING)
(WHIMPERS)
NNE: Wait for me Janja!
Oh, no you don't!
(ALL YELLING)
Uh...
C'mon, boys!
This way!
(ALL YELLING)
Beshte! Now!
Twende Kiboko!
Oh, no...
(ALL SCREAM)
(HYENAS SCREAMING)
Huh?
(HYENAS GROANING)
Phew!
Get outta here, Janja!
C'mon, fellas!
Let's scram!
(HYENAS GRUNTING)
(GROANING)
(HYENAS WHIMPERING)
Guess we showed them!
Ugh.
Every time I run
into the Lion Guard,
I'm the one getting run over.
Someday, they'll regret it.
Is everyone all right?
Yes, thanks to you
and the Guard.
I still can't believe
the hyenas would try
to attack you elephants.
I expect
there isn't much left
for them to eat
in the Outlands.
Maybe if they respected
the Circle of Life
they'd still have food to eat.
Perhaps. But the dry times
are hard for everyone.
Even us elephants.
Have you found
a new water source
for your herd?
No. But this is my first time
leading the search.
Hearing the underground water
is a bit more difficult
than I expected.
And attacks
from hyenas don't help.
Well now that they're gone,
you're safe to keep looking.
Yes, Ma Tembo!
Keep looking!
Water, here we come!
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
Yes. Here we come.
Caring for others
during the dry season
is a bigger responsibility
than I was expecting.
I know exactly
what you mean.
(ELEPHANT TRUMPETS)
Ono, keep an eye
on the elephants
in case the hyenas
come back.
Affirmative!
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
We heading
back to the Lair?
I'll meet up with you there.
I need to talk
to someone first.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Kion.
Something's troubling you.
Yes, Grandfather.
The dry season has
just started,
and the Guard's been
busier than ever.
It seems like everybody
needs the Lion Guard's help.
What did they do
before we were here?
Can't they take care
of themselves?
(WHISPERING)
Yeah. I guess.
The Lion Guard has done
a wonderful job
protecting the Pride Lands
during the wet season.
But the dry season
will bring
even more challenges.
I know. There's less
food and water.
And the heat
slows everyone down.
And you know what happens
when animals are tired,
hungry, and thirsty.
They don't always make
the best decisions.
The dry season's
even got me feeling
kinda snippy.
(WHISPERING)
I know.
I'll be careful
not to lose control
of the Roar.
Oh!
Thank you, Grandfather.
(GASPS)
You were talking
to your grandfather
Mufasa, weren't you?
What? How did you...
Who are you?
I'm Makini! I'm Rafiki's
new apprentice!
Rafiki's new apprentice?
Oh, well that explains...
Yep! That's me.
Someday I'll be
a Royal Mjuzi,
knowledge keeper
of the Pride Lands,
just like him!
It's soooooo exciting!
Rafiki says if I'm quiet
I'll be able hear Lions
of the Past like he does.
But I still haven't
heard them!
I only heard
what you were saying.
Can you believe it?
I can't believe it.
I kinda believe it.
But then again,
I only learned
about it yesterday!
It's so amazing
you can talk
to Mufasa like that!
Talk to Mufasa?
Makini, shh!
Rafiki doesn't talk about
being able to hear
the Lions of the Past.
If everyone knew the things
Rafiki can do,
nobody in the Pride Lands
would leave him alone!
Oh, yeah...
Even I only talk to Mufasa
when I really need advice.
Hmm.
No wonder Kion always
outsmarts the hyenas.
He's getting advice
from the wisest lion
the Pride Lands
has ever known!
Speaking of Rafiki,
I'm on my way
to his tree right now.
'Cause, you know,
today's my big day!
♪ For now is my time
♪ Today is my day
♪ I'm finally here
♪ And nothing
can stand in my... ♪
ONO: Kion! Kion!
...way?
The hyenas!
They're back!
What? Don't tell me
they're after
the elephants again.
Uh, no. Not really.
Now they're after the baboons
that have started
following the elephants.
Okay. Go tell
the rest of the Guard.
I flew by the Lair first.
They're already on their way.
Then let's go!
Nice meeting you, Makini!
Good luck
training with Rafiki!
Thanks, Kion!
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
Split up boys!
Get as many baboons
as you can!
(BABOONS CHITTERING)
I can almost taste'em!
Oh, yeah? Taste this!
(BOTH GRUNT)
Twende Kiboko.
(GROWLING AND LAUGHING)
(BABOON WHIMPERING)
(GROANING)
(BABOONS CHITTERING)
Ugh!
Oh. Baboons!
Don't you get it?
We're trying to help you!
C'mon, Fuli!
This is kinda fun!
(WHOOPING)
Whoa!
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
BUNGA: Ha!
There ya go. Hey!
(BABOON CHITTERING)
I can't rescue you
if you won't stay rescued!
Lion Guard! Regroup!
Kion!
Am I glad to see you!
Every time
we save a baboon,
they run off after
the elephants again.
And then the hyenas
go after the baboons again!
Don't worry.
I've got a plan.
Want me to send'em
flyin' again?
Not this time, Beshte.
Ono, have Ma Tembo
lead the elephants
to the base
of that cliff wall.
You three, make sure
the baboons keep
following the elephants.
But Kion?
Then the hyenas
will have the elephants
and baboons cornered.
That's exactly what I want
the hyenas to think.
What are you
gonna do Kion?
I'm going
to the top of that cliff.
This way, everyone! Hurry!
BABOON: Ooh, ooh! Yes!
Follow Ma Tembo!
(BABOONS CHITTERING)
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
That's right, baboonies!
Keep goin'!
(LAUGHING) C'mon boys!
They're headed
for that cliff wall!
We got 'em cornered!
(LAUGHING)
That's far enough, Janja!
Go on back to the Outlands!
And leave this
baboon-elephant
feast behind?
Oh, I don't think so!
KION: Janja!
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
I've had enough
of you and your hyenas!
Uh, Kion?
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Right. Don't lose control...
(ROARS)
That ought to teach 'em!
Baboons! What's going on
with you guys?
(CHITTERS) We were
following Ma Tembo!
Oh, of course.
The baboons always follow
the elephants
to new water sources
in the dry season.
Common knowledge, really.
It's true.
And usually there's enough
water for everyone.
Well, if you're okay with it.
Yes. It's my responsibility.
My role in the Circle of Life.
And as soon as I hear
the new water source,
everything will be fine...
BUNGA: Don't you worry,
Ma Tembo!
Now that Kion's
sent those hyenas flyin',
you won't have any problem
findin' your water!
I hope that's true.
Ooh! (CHITTERING)
Though I almost prefer
the hyenas to the baboons.
(SCOFFS) I hear ya.
Good luck, Ma Tembo.
Thank you, Kion.
(SIGHS)
Wish there was something more
we could do to help Ma Tembo.
Me too, Beshte.
But this is Ma Tembo's role.
Just like defending
the Pride Lands is ours.
(BABOONS CHITTERING)
We know you can
do it, Ma Tembo!
ELEPHANT: Yeah, come on!
Water, water, water!
(ALL CHANTING)
(CHANTING CONTINUES)
Still, I should probably
mention what's going on
to my dad.
MAKINI: I'm soooo excited,
Rafiki!
I can't believe
I'm finally starting
my training!
The new stripes
on your face
and the color of your nose
mean you're old enough
to be a Royal Mjuzi.
But you must learn
to be quiet
to hear
the Lions of the Past.
Ooh, yes! I know!
I can't wait to learn
how to hear them!
Good.
Did I tell you
I saw Kion talking
to Mufasa this morning?
It was amazing!
Yes, now...
But he said you don't talk
about hearing
the Lions of the Past.
Yes, because...
No, no, no!
I totally, totally get it.
It's just that it's so hard
not to talk about it!
♪ For now is my time
♪ Today is my day... ♪
Yes.
You are having trouble
not talking about it.
But you must be quiet
and listen to what I say,
if you are to be
Royal Mjuzi someday.
Remember, the hardest part
of listening is finding
the quiet to hear.
Sorry, Rafiki.
I'm just really excited.
That is understandable.
But to hear
the Lions of the Past,
you must be calm and quiet.
Shwari, Makini, shwari .
Observe.
Okay.
Rafiki?
Yes?
I'm still not
hearing anything.
You must be
calm and quiet.
But I was being
calm and quiet!
(SIGHS) Makini. Makini.
It seems you must
also learn patience.
Oh, yes! I can't wait
to learn to be patient!
Let's do it right now!
Hmm.
Perhaps you need
something to ground you.
Ha ha! Yes!
You need your bakora staff!
(CHUCKLES)
Just like the antenna
helps an insect sense
its surroundings.
The bakora staff helps
the Royal Mjuzi sense
the Lions of the Past.
Whoa.
Of course, it is up to you
to find your bakora staff.
On your own.
Really?
Yes.
Now. Look among
the fallen branches
for your bakora staff.
You will need it
for your official introduction
to the Royal Family.
My official introduction?
As soon as
you find your staff.
But...
How will I know
which one to choose?
Shwari, Makini.
You will know
when you know. (LAUGHS)
But it would not hurt
to be quiet
and let the branch
speak to you!
I know it's frustrating, Kion.
But leading the elephants
is Ma Tembo's responsibility.
There's not a whole lot
we can do.
Elephants are the ones
with the ability
to find water.
Not lions.
I know. I just wish
I could help.
I know what it's like
to be a new leader
with new responsibilities.
Yes. That's something
we both have in common now.
♪ This life that we lead
♪ This role of leadership
SIMBA:
♪ Never said it would be easy
KION:
♪ Sometimes I stumble and trip
SIMBA:
♪ And yet you get back up
KION:
♪ Get stronger from the fall
SIMBA:
♪ It's part of our role
BOTH:
♪ 'Cause in the end of it all
♪ It's the path of honor
♪ These duties we hold
♪ We must face them head on
♪ We must be bold
♪ It's our life's calling
to help our friends
♪ It's the path of honor
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
♪ At times it seems too much
♪ You handle it all in stride
♪ I have to find it within me
♪ It comes from deep inside
♪ It's more than I expected
SIMBA:
♪ But still sometimes it's fun
♪ I try to do my best
♪ And I'm proud
that you're my son
♪ It's the path of honor
♪ These duties we hold
♪ We must face them head on
♪ We must be bold
♪ It's our life's calling
to help our friends
♪ It's the path of honor
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
KION:
♪ I never thought
I'd be a hero
SIMBA:
♪ I had doubts
about being a king
♪ And yet we both
embrace our roles
♪ That's part of what we bring
♪ What we bring
♪ It's the path of honor
♪ These duties we hold
♪ We must face them head on
♪ We must be bold
♪ It's our life's calling
to help our friends
♪ It's the path of honor
♪ Till the Pride Lands end
♪ Till the Pride Lands end ♪
I guess life is
full of responsibilities.
And we all have
our own to take care of.
Yes. And I'm very proud
of how much you've grown
as the leader
of the Lion Guard.
Thanks, Dad.
Janja!
I'm hungrier than ever!
Yeah. I'd eat
just about anything!
Janja! Janja, look!
Up there!
A snake!
Ooh, ooh!
Can we eat it?
Better than nuthin',
I guess.
C'mon boys!
Now that I know Kion's
been getting advice
from Mufasa,
I'll finally have some
leverage with the Lion Guard.
Then everyone
in the Pride Lands
will respect me.
Yessssss!
I won't be the one
who gets trampled
or pounced on anymore!
Ahhh!
That's what
you think! (LAUGHS)
(LAUGHING)
Janaja?
What do you want with me?
We wanna eat ya!
But I'm just a snake.
Wouldn't you want
something meatier?
Oh, we would
if it weren't for Kion.
Forcin' us to stay
in the Outlands.
Instead of lettin' us eat
whatever we want
in the Pride Lands.
Well if Kion's your problem,
I might have a solution.
What?
Yes.
The reason Kion is so
successful leading
the Lion Guard,
is because he's getting advice
from the greatest lion
to rule the Pride Lands.
Mufasa!
(SCOFFS) Mufasa?
I think you've been pounced on
one too many times, snake.
The name's Ushari.
And if you want to outsmart
the Lion Guard, Janja,
you need to start
thinking like lions!
Great lions!
In case you hadn't
noticed Ushari,
we're hyenas, not lions.
Yeah, that's right!
(CHUCKLES)
We sure ain't!
And there ain't no lion
that's gonna help us hyenas.
Let alone a great one!
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
But there was one great lion
who helped hyenas.
Oh, you mean Scar?
Hate to break it
to ya, Ushari.
But Scar died in the fire
at Pride Rock a long time ago.
Yes. But if Kion
can talk to Mufasa,
there must be a way
for us to speak to Scar.
Huh, you think?
I'm certain!
It's just a question of how!
How do we talk to Scar?
I need to gather
some more information first.
If you'll let me go.
Yeah, all right.
But we're gonna follow you
the whole time.
In case you're makin'
all this up.
Fair enough.
I believe I know someone
who will give us
all the information
we need.
Without even realizing
she's helping us!
Hello, stick.
Are you my new staff?
Nope.
(STICK CLATTERS)
How about you?
Anything to say to me?
Anything?
USHARI: Well!
If it isn't Makini!
Was that a stick?
Oh. You're a snake.
Not a stick.
True. But I've heard
that you are Rafiki's
new apprentice.
Oh, yes! I've just started
studying with him!
It's so exciting!
I'm sure it is.
And he couldn't have
picked a more worthy mandril.
Oh, thank you!
Yes, of course.
I suppose this means
you can speak
to the Lions of the Past?
Like how Kion
speaks to Mufasa?
What?
How does a snake
like you know that?
Oh. Uh, well...
I'm friends with Kion
and the Lion Guard.
We go way back.
Oh.
Then you know only the lions
in Simba's Pride
and the royal Mjuzi can hear
the Lions of the Past.
Yes, yes.
But does that include
the evil lions?
Like Scar?
Can you speak to him as well?
Oh!
What a frightening thought.
I never even
thought about that!
I'd have to ask Rafiki
if there's a way
to hear them. (GASPS)
The hardest part of listening
is finding the quiet to hear.
Shwari.
Yes.
I'd be so interested to...
Shh!
Quiet!
(INDISTINCT WHISPERS)
(WIND HOWLING)
This is it!
This is the one!
The one what?
I've found my staff!
I gotta tell Rafiki!
Rafiki? Hmm...
Oh! Sorry there, snake.
What were you saying?
Huh. Oh, well.
Hey, Rafiki!
Rafiki!
Rafiki! You won't believe it!
Or maybe you will.
I think I heard
the Lions of the Past
when I touched this stick!
Ha ha! Yes!
You have found
your bakora staff!
Now, these gourds
will be an important part
of your new staff.
One for the future,
and one for the past.
(GIGGLES)
Yes. Now we must go
to the Lair and try out
your new staff.
Then we can introduce you
to the Royal Family!
Ooh, Rafiki?
I have another question.
About the Lions of the Past.
Yes. I know you have
many questions.
And we will talk about it,
once we are in the Lair!
It's real.
They are able to hear
the Lions of the Past!
Yeah, yeah.
And it sounds like
Makini's going to ask
Rafiki how to talk to Scar.
Now go follow them.
They're goin'
to somebody's lair!
Follow them?
Into a lair?
We can't be seen
rompin' round
the Pride Lands.
So it's gotta be you.
Ya got a problem with that?
Listen, Janja.
Talking to Makini
is one thing.
But I can't slither
fast enough to keep up
with her and Rafiki!
Sure, sure. I understand.
After all, if you'd rather
be our dinner...
(CHUCKLING) Dinner time!
Yummy yum yum!
No, no. Of course not!
It's just that...
I have some friends
who move much faster than me.
And they're
excellent spies.
Friends?
Yes.
Skinks! Come out!
I know you're there!
Ew. What are they?
I dunno, but they're spooky!
Hello, Ushari.
You called?
I did.
Can one of your skinks follow
Rafiki and Makini for us?
Of course.
But there better be
something in it for us.
If all goes well,
it could tip the balance
of the Pride Lands
in our favor.
Hmm. Sounds interesting...
Nyeusi, hurry!
Follow Rafiki and Makini!
Tell us where they go!
Nyeusi is
the stealthiest skink.
Rafiki will never see him.
He's lucky.
These skinks
give me the creeps!
(CHUCKLING) Me too!
I'm so excited Rafiki!
I can't believe I'm finally
starting my training!
I can't wait to learn
how to hear them!
RAFIKI: This way,
Makini. This way!
Lion Guard! Come!
I have someone
I want you to meet.
This is my new apprentice.
Makini!
Makini,
this is the Lion Guard.
And their Lair.
Hi ya, Makini!
Greetings!
Nice to meet you.
Hi again, Makini.
Hi, Kion.
And wow! It's so fantastic
to meet the rest of you!
I mean, obviously
I've seen you all before
while you're going around
the Pride Lands,
being all strong.
And brave.
And fast.
And keenest of sight!
(SQUAWKS)
And always saving the day!
Yep. That's us all right!
And it's so exciting
to meet you all
up close and personal!
I'm sure it is.
It is!
But I have to say,
I really admire you
the most, Fuli.
Rafiki says you're
the only girl to ever
be on the Lion Guard!
As in, ever!
Uh, I am?
It is true.
Yeah! You've got
to be so proud!
I'm proud
and I'm not even you!
Thanks, Makini.
Sure!
So Rafiki, why are you
taking on an apprentice?
Are you okay?
Yes, Beshte, yes.
I am fine.
You see, when Makini was born,
the Lions of the Past told me
that she would be the one
to continue my role
in the Circle of Life.
And now that the stripes
have appeared on her face,
it is time for Makini
to begin her training!
Rafiki? Did you do
all of those paintings?
Only some.
Most were done by those
who came before me.
And someday it will be
your turn to paint them!
(LAUGHS)
Okay...
Kion, can you assemble
the Royal Family on Pride Rock
for Makini's
formal introduction?
Sure, Rafiki. I'll make sure
we're all there.
This is the place?
Yep. Nyeusi says
Rafiki and Makini
went in there.
But if you ask me,
we're already too close
to Pride Rock for comfort.
That's fine.
I'll take it from here.
Thanks, Shupavu.
Yeah. Let's get outta here.
So, Rafiki? Can I try out
my bakora staff now?
Wait. Your staff can bring
paintings to life too?
RAFIKI: We shall
soon find out.
Go ahead, Makini.
(ROARS)
Whoa!
Look at that!
MAKINI: It worked!
ONO: I'll say!
So!
Makini's staff is more
than a simple stick!
It seems you have
chosen your
staff well, Makini.
That's Scar, isn't it?
Yeah. The worst lion to ever
live in the Pride Lands!
Ooh. That reminds me, Rafiki.
My question.
From earlier?
Yes.
I know the bakora staff
can help me hear
the Great Lions of the Past.
But is there a way
to hear the Bad Lions
of the Past too?
Hmm. That is
a serious question,
young one.
But, you must know the bad
as well as the good.
As you know, Makini,
your bakora not only brings
images of the past to life.
It can help you hear
the Lions of the Past.
The Great Lions of the Past
are in the sky.
Their voices are in the wind.
And you have all seen Kion
use the Roar
to make those
Great Lions appear.
But the Roar can also summon
the worst lions
of the Pride Lands past.
Instead of clouds,
these lions appear in fire.
Once summoned,
the bakora can be used
to talk to evil lions as well.
All the evil lions?
Even Scar?
Yes. Even Scar.
Yes!
(SHUDDERS)
Whoa!
Creepy!
You said it, Bunga.
Totally.
Thank you
for telling me, Rafiki.
Of course, young one.
Of course.
But remember.
Talking to bad lions?
It is a bad idea! (LAUGHS)
Got it!
I totally understand!
And so do I.
Now, it is time.
Time to present
Makini to Simba
and the rest
of the Royal Family!
(LAUGHS)
This way, Makini!
(GASPS AND GIGGLES)
Good luck, Makini!
I'm looking forward
to meeting
Rafiki's apprentice.
You've already
met her, Kion?
Unofficially, yeah.
She's, uh, very talkative.
Any word on Ma Tembo's
first water hunt?
According to Ono's
last report,
she's still searching.
Can you imagine anything
more boring than having
to look for water?
No. (CHUCKLES)
It's not so boring
if you're thirsty.
Mom? Dad?
Would it be okay
if I tried to help Ma Tembo?
I'm not sure there's anything
you can do to help, Kiara.
I'd at least like to try.
Finding the new water source
is Ma Tembo's responsibility.
But even if you can't find
the water yourself,
it might be a good experience
for you to learn
to work with Ma Tembo.
Especially as future Queen.
MAKINI: Oh, oh!
Can I help?
If the future Queen
is going on a mission,
I'd like to go too!
I'm Makini!
Rafiki's new apprentice!
RAFIKI: Makini!
The official introduction
is for me to do.
But why would Makini
introduce you?
Yeah! We already know
who you are, Rafiki.
Rafiki is supposed
to introduce Makini.
Oh! Now that makes sense.
Yes, yes.
Stand here, Makini.
King Simba.
Queen Nala.
Royal family and friends.
May I present
my new apprentice Makini!
It's a great honor
to be chosen
as the next knowledge keeper
for the Pride Lands.
But as Royal Mjuzi,
you are always welcome
at Pride Rock.
Yes. It's a pleasure
to meet you, Makini.
Thank you, your majesties.
Someday, Makini will be
Royal Mjuzi for Queen Kiara.
Then maybe Makini
should come with me
to help Ma Tembo
and the elephants find water.
Ooh yes, yes!
They will have to learn
to work together.
Just like you and Rafiki do.
That is true.
Eh, Simba?
Yes.
And the sooner they learn
how to work together,
the better.
Oh thank you,
your highnesses!
Thank you, thank you,
thank you!
You're welcome, Makini.
Okay,
my future advisor.
Let's go!
Wait. I thought we were
Kiara's royal advisors.
Yeah! She can't go looking
for water without us!
Wait! We're coming, too!
Ladies? Why don't
we let Kiara
get to know Makini.
You can stay here
on Pride Rock. With me.
With you?
Oh, um, yes,
Your Majesty! Yes!
Of course!
I'm so excited to be working
with you, Princess Kiara!
I'm sure I can learn
so much from you!
Good luck, Kiara.
Thanks, Kion.
MAKINI: C'mon,
Princess Kiara!
Let's go!
I might need it.
So, there is a way
to talk to Scar!
Yes.
According to Rafiki,
the evil lions appear in fire.
Well, one little eruption
of this here volcano
and we'll get
plenty of fire!
Yeah, right!
Plenty of it!
(ALL LAUGHING)
Yes.
We'll also need
Rafiki or Makini's staff.
The staff will allow us
to speak to Scar.
We'll go after Makini.
One little mandrill's
no match for us hyenas.
I agree.
So the real question is,
how do we lure Kion
to the volcano
and make him Roar?
We'll want him to give us
a big Roar, too.
One that will make
the volcano erupt in flames!
Ooh, ooh! I know. I know.
Kion Roared real big
the time we tried
to eat Bunga!
(CHUCKLES) Yeah!
And his Roar was even bigger
when we went after his mom.
It even made
the ground open up!
What? Janja, is this true?
Yeah, yeah.
The fur brains
are actually right.
Kion's Roars are huge
when his friends and family
are threatened!
Then that's what
we have to do.
Target someone
Kion cares about,
and bring them here!
Yeah.
And then when Kion roars,
we can bring back a legend!
(LAUGHING)
♪ Hoo, ha, hoo, ha, hoo, ha
♪ Scar was such a legend
♪ Though he's long gone,
his story lives on
♪ If we bring back that legend
♪ Hid big lion smarts
give us a new start
♪ Hoo, ha, hoo, ha, hoo, ha
♪ Yeah, Scar will help us win
with all great advice
♪ No more playing nice
♪ Let's bring back a legend
♪ A legend to help our fight
♪ A legend
of darkness tonight
♪ Hoo, ha, hoo, ha, hoo, ha
♪ No one in the Pride Lands
could possibly dream
of our big scheme
♪ They'll all be astounded
♪ When the Lion Guard's done
and our victory won
♪ Hoo, ha, hoo, ha, hoo, ha
♪ We just need fire
and a Roar for our surprise
♪ And we'll make Scar rise
♪ We will make Scar rise
♪ Let's bring back a legend
♪ A legend to help our fight
♪ A legend
of darkness tonight ♪
(LAUGHING) Come on,
everyone. All together.
♪ Oh! Let's bring back
a legend
♪ A legend to help our fight
♪ Let's bring back a legend
♪ A legend of darkness tonight
♪ A legend
of darkness tonight ♪
You hyenas know what to do.
I'll be waiting at the top
of the volcano for the staff.
You got it, Ushari.
Let's go, boys! (LAUGHING)
No... (GROANING)
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
Ugh.
(ALL CHANTING)
Water, water, water!
(BABOON CHITTERING)
When is she going
to find the water?
I'm sure it will be
any minute.
Well it better be!
I'm parched!
So is there anything
we can do to help?
I don't know if there is.
I believe we're in
the general area
of the new water source.
But I haven't found
the well site yet.
Maybe we could look around
for wet rocks,
or some other sign
of underground water?
Oh, yes.
That would be helpful.
You know what they say.
Many eyes make
a search seem smaller!
Well said, Makini.
And, thank you, your highness.
Happy to help, Ma Tembo.
C'mon, Makini.
Let's find that water!
(ANIMALS CONTINUE CHANTING)
That was a good idea
you had back there, Makini.
I'm impressed.
Well, I really
admire you Kiara.
Water is so important
to the Circle of Life.
So your helping Ma Tembo
find water is even more...
Wait.
I thought I heard something.
Hmm... (SNIFFS)
That's funny.
I didn't hear anything.
But I know that's something
I need to work on.
Being quiet
so I can hear things.
Like the Lions of the Past!
Makini! Be quiet!
(CHUCKLES) I know, right?
That's what everyone's
always trying to tell me!
Shwari, Makini. Shwari.
But it's...
(GROWLS)
Hyenas!
Whoa!
(WHOOPING)
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
Chungu, grab her!
Sure thing!
(GRUNTS) Let me go,
hyenas!
C'mon, boys, let's go!
Kiara? Oh, no!
Makini! Help!
It's gonna take
more than one little mandrill
to save you Kiara!
A lot more! (LAUGHING)
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
Janja's right. I'm no match
for those hyenas.
But I know who is!
Lion Guard! Lion Guard!
Makini? What's wrong?
The hyenas!
They attacked us.
And they... They've
taken off with Kiara!
What?
Kiara?
Ono! See if you can spot
Janja and his clan!
Affirmative!
Hapana.
I see them, Kion!
They're taking Kiara
into the Outlands!
This is all my fault.
I wasn't quiet
when Kiara asked me to be.
Makini.
You can't blame yourself
for something Janja did.
Right. What matters now
is that we rescue Kiara!
C'mon!
Till the Pride Lands end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
(USHARI HISSING)
Makini's staff! You got it.
And we got Kiara!
Excellent!
That should get
Kion's attention.
Yeah.
Janja figures the Lion Guard
should be here any second.
Then you should go.
Janja may need your help
down below.
Yeah, all right.
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
(KIARA STRAINING)
I don't know
what you're thinking, Janja.
But you're not gonna
get away with this!
That's what you think.
Chungu, toss her in.
(GRUNTS)
That ought to keep you.
I don't think so.
Ahh!
Oh.
(LAUGHING) Yeah!
How about that, cub?
That steam is really hot!
Hapana.
Gotta tell Kion.
ONO: Everyone! Everyone!
Ono! What do you see?
Kiara seems okay.
But the hyenas
have her surrounded,
and trapped by steam vents.
What's Janja up to?
The only reason
he'd hold Kiara prisoner
is because he wants
something from me or my Dad.
Like what?
Who cares?
We go in, Kion Roars,
and we come back out
with Kiara!
I'm not sure it's gonna be
as easy as that, Bunga.
Indeed.
Kion won't want
to Roar at the hyenas
if they're surrounding Kiara.
Oh, yeah...
I have an idea.
The hyenas will be expecting
me to come to the rescue.
But if they think
I'm the only one here,
I might be able to lure them
away from Kiara.
Then we'll only have to get
past the steam vents.
And I think I know
how to do that.
All right!
Now we're talking!
Okay. I'll go this way
and try to distract
Janja and the others.
Ono, scout a route
the other way so the hyenas
won't see us coming.
Affirmative! Follow me!
Don't worry, Kion.
We'll save her.
Asante, Fuli. Thanks.
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
Ugh! (GROANS)
Give it up, cub!
You ain't gettin'
outta there!
Yeah! (LAUGHS)
KION: Janja!
Oh! It's show time.
You fellas stay here
and keep our guest
entertained.
I gotta see a lion
about a Roar.
(LAUGHING)
Uh, he wants us
to entertain her?
That's what he said.
Then maybe
we should sing to her!
Yeah! Great idea!
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! ♪
Ugh.
Not only am I trapped,
now they're gonna
torture me!
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! ♪
JANJA: Kion!
What brings you all the way
into the Outlands?
You know
why I'm here, Janja.
Just let Kiara go.
Or there's gonna be trouble.
Without the Guard
to back you up?
(LAUGHING)
I don't think so, Kion.
We both know
I don't need the Guard
for back up.
But you might need
your hyenas.
Oh. So you're gonna
Roar at us then, huh?
Yes! Roar, Kion.
Roar!
Only if I have to.
Argh.
Well, uh, we ain't givin' her
back just'cause you say so.
'Cause... We got demands
and stuff!
KION: Stop
playing games, Janja.
Good scouting, Ono.
Thanks.
But Kion's plan isn't working
exactly the way we hoped.
What do you mean?
ONO: So far, Kion's only lured
Janja away from Kiara.
The rest of the hyenas
are still guarding Kiara
at the steam vents!
And... They appear
to be singing to her.
Oh, no!
We really gotta
save her now.
It won't be easy.
She's still surrounded
by hyenas and the steam vents!
So? We're the Lion Guard.
If we have to do things
the hard way,
that's what we'll do.
You said it, Fuli.
Right. So here's
the new plan.
What do you want, Janja?
What do I want?
Uh, good question.
I want you and the Lion Guard
to let me and my pack alone!
Yeah!
What?
You dragged my sister
to the Outlands.
You're holding her prisoner.
And you're doing
all of this,
because you want me
to leave you alone?
Uh, yeah!
That's right!
Janja, that's a terrible plan!
Even for you!
Huh. I thought
it was a good plan!
Me too!
Sure looks like Kion's
got them distracted.
Right. Now!
Zuka Zama!
Ahhh! (GRUNTS)
Huwezi!
(BOTH GRUNT)
(GRUNTS)
Beshte! Now!
Twende Kiboko!
We're here to rescue you,
your highness!
Yeah! Come on, Kiara.
Let's go!
Thanks, guys. But I burned
my paws on the steam vent.
I can't move too fast.
Don't worry, Kiara.
I can carry you!
That's right.
Easy does it.
There we go!
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTING)
Okay! Let's get outta here!
Ono, go tell Kion
we got Kiara!
Affirmative!
Uh-oh.
Now what do we do?
I know! (LAUGHS)
You can entertain me!
Uh, okay...
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh!
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! ♪
Kion, we did it!
Kiara's safe!
What? (GROANS)
Fur brains.
We win again, Janja.
Oh, yeah? Well...
So what!
We'll keep
comin' back, Kion!
Again and again.
Maybe next time
we'll actually
get rid of Kiara.
Or Bunga.
Or maybe
even your Mom or Dad.
Right there on Pride Rock!
Don't threaten
my family, Janja!
(LAUGHING)
Face it, Kion.
There ain't nuthin'
you can do to stop us!
Oh, yes, there is!
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(ROARING)
(GROANS)
(THUNDER BREAKING)
Oh, Heyvi kabisa.
Hapana!
Run, run!
The volcano's erupting!
There's fire
and lava everywhere!
Tell us something
we don't know!
Uh... Right.
I see a way out!
This way!
Beshte, you first!
Follow Ono!
Got it!
Twende Kiboko!
Uh-oh. (EXCLAIMS)
Hop on, Bunga!
Huwezi!
Whoo-hoo!
Come on! Let's get Kiara
back to the Pride Lands!
Scar!
Evil Lions of the Past!
Speak to me!
Nice work, everybody.
You okay, Kiara?
(SIGHS) I'll be fine.
Thanks, Lion Guard.
Just doin' our job.
Come on, Kiara.
Let's get you home.
You okay, Kion?
I let Janja get to me.
I got really angry.
And I kinda lost control
of the Roar.
We noticed.
You kinda made
that giant volcano erupt.
Which, by the way,
was totally
un-Bunga-lievable!
Yeah, I guess it was.
And we're all okay.
Even Kiara.
I guess that's
what really counts.
I'm just glad
nothing else bad happened.
USHARI: Voices of Fire!
Speak to me!
I command you!
So, Ushari,
where's Scar?
It, uh,
seems our plan
didn't exactly work.
It what?
After all that?
Give me that stupid staff!
(GRUNTING)
To think I believed you
when you said we could
use this talk to Scar!
(LAUGHING MENACINGLY)
(STAMMERING)
Uh... Are you...
Yes.
I am Scar.
(ALL CHANTING)
Water, water, water!
Ooh! I really hope Ma Tembo
finds the water soon.
Yes! I need a drink!
Still no luck,
Ma Tembo?
No, not yet.
And now there's more animals
than ever expecting me
to find the new water!
Even with my ears,
I'll never hear where it is.
The hardest part of listening
is finding the quiet to hear.
(GASPS) Shwari!
Everyone!
Everyone, shh!
Shwari!
Ma Tembo needs quiet
to find the new water site!
Just like I needed
when I found my staff.
(WATER TRICKLING)
Yes.
Yes!
Now I hear it!
This is it!
I'm certain!
(ELEPHANTS TRUMPETING)
Over here, everyone!
Here!
Dig everyone!
Dig, dig!
Zuka Zama!
Twende Kiboko!
Finally!
The new water source
for the dry season
has been found!
(ALL CHEERING)
That was
good advice, Makini.
It seems
you have finally learned
the importance of silence.
I have, Rafiki.
I totally have!
♪ For now is my time
♪ Today is my day
♪ I'm finally here
♪ And nothing
can stand in my way
♪ I've made it this far
♪ All doubts washed away
♪ My path is clear
♪ And today is my... ♪
Has anyone seen my staff?
Do not worry, Makini.
There is more
than just one stick
that can be your staff!
What's most important
is who is holding the staff.
Nice job, Ma Tembo.
Even though
it was frustrating,
you never gave up.
Well, that's
what responsibility
is all about. Isn't it?
Yes. Yes it is.
(ALL CHEERING)
(CHORUS VOCALIZING)
♪ Look out
Here comes the Lion Guard ♪